PEP: 9999
Title: Automatically Formatting the CPython Repository
Author: Tal Einat,
        Batuhan Taskaya <isidenticial@gmail.com>,
        Ammar Askar <ammar@ammaraskar.com>,
        Dong-hee Na <donghee.na92@gmail.com>
Status: Active
Type: Standards Track
Content-Type: text/x-rst
Created: 22-Oct-2020
Python-Version: 3.10


Abstract
========

The CPython repository consists of three major languages: Python, C and
reStructuredText [1]_. Each of these languages have a set of written
conventions that are followed by contributors and core developers. The
process of enforcing these conventions can be subjective and creates a lot
of unecessary manual work when reviewing code changes.

Many software projects have shifted to a model where code is formatted with
completely automated tools. This PEP outlines the usage of such tools in
the CPython development process.


Motivation
==========

Clearly explain why the existing language specification is inadequate to
address the problem that the PEP solves.


Rationale
=========

Describe why particular design decisions were made.


Specification
=============

Describe the syntax and semantics of any new language feature.


Backwards Compatibility
=======================

Describe potential impact and severity on pre-existing code.


Rejected Ideas
==============

Why certain ideas that were brought while discussing this PEP were not
ultimately pursued.


References
==========

.. [1] Github search on CPython repo with language types
   https://github.com/python/cpython/search?l=python


Copyright
=========

This document is placed in the public domain or under the
CC0-1.0-Universal license, whichever is more permissive.


..
  Local Variables:
  mode: indented-text
  indent-tabs-mode: nil
  sentence-end-double-space: t
  fill-column: 70
  coding: utf-8
  End:
